script database securitx

 enable MI / shutdown MI

- number formatting: whete you shown MB, KB . TB etc ... if there is more than 1000 show next scale: ex:
2.000 KB -> 2 MB
2.400 KB  -> 2.4 MB
3.750 MB -> 3.75 TB
    
new tab: waits
at the top a section that show the grpahic from history: sql server aẃaits and from the sample the graphic the same one each occupy 50% the width

shrink database

group by schema

white/light style ? -> options, default dark

keyboard shortcuts for mac (platform dependednt?

sp_blitz & index with reference built in

--- bugs and optimizations ---------------------------------------------

ask questions and then write the implementation order list

/effort

review both projects and check for bugs, inconsistencies, optimizations, simplifications , architecture and refractoring. you can change gosmo and break back compatibility if it helps. plan only, ask before implementing to switch models. do not commit to git. create a plan file in docs/ to fix them

show me the top 20 know bugs,issues etc if thre are any in both projects. show only issues that can be fixed. create a plan file in docs/ to fix them

optimize and compact claude.md , architecture.md, etc in both projects

go over the source files code comments and compact them. make them concise. throw unnecessary wording. do not keep history in comments only the actual state, unless necessary.


--- prepare for release -------------------------------------------------

check for go.mod updates
commit before both projects

prepare gosmo for release v0.0.16 . Update readme.md, release.md, changelog.md, and all other documentations and diagramms. the release document should contain only the changes from the last release, delete the old release. they should be summarized as bullet points and splitted in three cantegories. New, Fixes and Changes. The texts should be short an concise, the long explanation is in the changelog.md
do not commit or tag anything to git. 

fix go.mod before, reference the new :

prepare gossms for release v0.0.14. Update readme.md, release.md, changelog.md, and all other documentations and diagramms. the release document should contain only the changes from the last release, delete the old release information. they should be summarized as bullet points and splitted in three cantegories. New, Fixes and Changes. The texts should be short an concise, the long explanation is in the changelog.md
do not commit or tag anything to git. 
make the text in the RELEASE.md shorter and conciser. the long explanation is in CHANGELOG.md
update the docs/dicord.md file for this release. it should be below 2000 characters.

update open-threads and decisions, delete what it is done and the history. keep only what is actual.
update the fix lists at the bottom of open threads if something was already fixed.


analyze the used libraries especially tcell and mssql as there were updates since first integrated and look if the changes in these libraries can improve current projects. do the same for golang 1.27.1. if you have any findings create a plan file.

--------------


read following articles:

https://www.anthropic.com/news/claude-opus-5 
https://claude.com/blog/the-new-rules-of-context-engineering-for-claude-5-generation-models  
 
based on this, fix my claude.md files on both projects and also the memory file
show me the changes before you write any change.


